there's nothing left for you to do here
isil mazard you've escalated kids
playing in the mud to
essentially saying sex workers and
people who perform abortions are bad
people
she's aware that she's lying she knows
it's a lie
she doesn't claim i said that she
doesn't quote me well well you're
essentially saying that
uh-huh stop acting like you're innocent
leanne at this point are you so furious
that you're unaware that you're lying
by the way i i'm certainly willing to
imagine that but she's
she's forgotten that uh just a few
minutes ago this was a lie she made up
herself quite intentionally
do you think you're going to succeed in
misrepresenting me
as anti-abortion and anti-sex worker
so that you can lead an angry crowd of
leftists against me
vivian continues the attack he needs to
be removed from this group
his previous posts and comments have
been extremely offensive and is making
everyone uncomfortable
this is not what we want in the group or
in the community now i just note
that she names the apartment building
there and i've blacked it out this is
not
the only message calling for me to
actually be kicked out of the building
for me to be
kicked out of my home lose my apartment
lose my furniture
um on the basis of
what what exactly first of all leanne is
not
a liar no one is misrepresenting you
you literally wrote on your own post
that you think sex workers and abortion
doctors
are bad people you notice the shift you
notice how the lie
you see how it becomes unquestioned so
at an earlier stage it was just
at the very first stage was just i have
no idea what he's trying to say here
then the second stage was well he's
essentially
saying something bad right but they were
aware it was like
and now it's been forgotten that it was
a lie right they've lost track of what
the truth is
you literally said this literally oh and
you think everyone forgotten what
literally means
i know what you're thinking you're
clicking on this video and you're
expecting it to be a redeeming
uplifting story about human nature you
think you know what the last two videos
showed the ugly combative cruel side of
human nature but now in this third video
things are really going to turn around
all these people are
over 30 years old they're all able to
afford
1 800 a month in rent
you know this must be a very erudite
mature
you know dispute between people who even
if even if they lost their tempers for
just one day
the next day would turn around and try
to mend fences
build bridges reconcile and move out you
know what
you will be disappointed this part of
the story i'm just going to skip over
briefly because it was already covered
in the earlier videos i think it is
clear in this comment from
tyson that he has extensively
google searched my name when he's saying
oh there are all these terrible things
about you going back to 2008.
i mean i could say when i first read
that i genuinely laughed and i said
no you you are here to dredge up
things that's true i'm not here to
dredge up all the shitty stuff
that's precisely the price that's nicely
what you're doing
right and then he faded he disappeared
he i assume he blocked me
on uh on facebook because he disappeared
and didn't participate in the
conversation after this very early
but very turbulent stage right now
what i'm saying to various people and
not everyone was
crazy not everyone was but a lot of them
were
like look a lot of people sent me these
insulting hostile messages
i didn't ask anyone to apologize i
didn't get angry response i made a
genuinely upbeat positive video four
minutes long trying to clear up the
misunderstanding
i had good intentions i was trying to do
the right thing just because it was the
right thing to do
you should be able to see congrats
between what i wrote and what people
like tyson and ian said to me
and many others who jumped on the
bandwagon so here's tyson
just wanting to defend himself you can
read every word of this you want to
tyson just doubles down and then he more
or less disappears from the ensuing
conversation
other people jumped on the bandwagon and
what a
bandwagon it was i had a conversation
with the building management that you're
about to hear
in full and then i wrote this text post
after speaking to management about the
conflict
one everyone in this group needs to
recognize nothing will get better
unless you make a positive effort to
make it better
two as little as you may want to admit
it to yourself i actually was trying to
resolve the conflict again and again
in a friendly way you've convinced
yourselves that i have bad intentions
even when the content of what i'm saying
is very clearly positive
and when i'm responding to an avalanche
of really insulting hate mail
that nobody has apologized for i've
spoken to management
i'm willing to speak to any of you
one-on-one to resolve this conflict
as people say bury the hatchet nobody
has made this offer to me
nobody has reached out to make this
situation better instead
they've continued to make really serious
attacks on my character
you can read the whole message if you
want to i'm going to skip ahead to the
conclusion
but trust me it is full of platitudes of
this kind
what is to be gained for anyone in
escalating this conflict endlessly
everybody else is just throwing me hate
mail insults
character attacks defamation and i'm
responding in this positive constructive
way
if anyone else can appreciate it and
build on it
this is an example of an incredibly
trivial conflict
that has snowballed out of control for
no good reason
you may feel insulted by that video but
if you listen to it
all four minutes long you're gonna find
that there isn't a single insult in it
i was genuinely trying to clear up the
misunderstanding and trying to have an
affable joking tone of voice and calming
everyone down
showing that i wasn't personally angry
or resentful
this didn't have to be a big deal etc
through really mean-spirited attacks on
my character this has now become a big
deal
this isn't about the lawn or the mud how
do you expect me to use the gym at the
same time as people who said
these things to me that ian tyson lauren
and others have said
again if you think it is so despicable
for me to be a youtuber
or for me to be a former scholar of
buddhism or for me to have the
humanitarian work or anything else
please keep in mind some of your
neighbors
some will be strippers sex workers
abortion doctors
mercenaries or will have other
controversial jobs
and even if you morally disapprove of
the choices they've made
you must treat them with more dignity
and respect
than i've been shown here oh and this is
the start of a new lie
it's just they ran out of things to hate
me for they ran out of things to blame
me for
and they latched on to that last
sentence and decided
to create a whole new lie to demonize me
and try to lead a left-wing hate mob
against me you can read the whole thing
if you want to at the end
underlined in red please stop comparing
abortion doctors sex workers and
strippers to mercenaries
brilliant ploy cicero would be proud of
the use of
uh logic and reasoning here and i mean
you can imagine how unconvincing this
would be to anyone who had read
uh not only the intent but the wording
of what i
just said but nevertheless this was
enough to um
well you'll see what happens is there
something wrong with sex workers and
abortion doctors
i'm also baffled by that comment and my
reply
i don't insult them back i don't get
angry i say
is this a situation which you're asking
me what my views on sex workers or
abortion are
is this a situation in which you're
actually confused about what i said and
are interested in hearing me express
myself more clearly
or are you just looking for an excuse to
further condemn me as
a bad person talk to me in direct
messages
the message says that i'm actually
trying to solve the problem
address people's concerns and set things
on a good footing for the future
make a little bit of positive effort in
return instead of just expressing
exasperation and disapproval
for something you say you don't
understand
if you ask me this or were willing to
talk to me about what i mean or what i
meant
do you think i'd be unwilling to answer
you or unhelpful
you all need to stop bandwagoning and
treating this situation
as if expressing your moral superiority
over me is going to improve the
situation
or solve an imaginary problem yes i did
indeed resort to including this meme
with my reply there's nothing left for
you to do here isil mazard
you've escalated kids playing in the mud
to essentially saying
sex workers and people who perform
abortions are bad people
she's aware that she's lying she knows
it's a lie
she doesn't claim i said that she
doesn't quote me well
well you're essentially saying that
uh-huh
stop acting like you're innocent
stop acting like you're innocent how
would you like
me to act in this situation can you
think about if our positions were
reversed
how you would behave like oh you prefer
if i insulted you back
stop acting like you're innocent and
stop trying to mine us for data on your
youtube channel perhaps you should stick
to reddit
with the rest of the trolls as if what
leanne here is doing couldn't be
interpreted as trolling
leanne at this point are you so furious
that you're unaware that you're lying
uh by the way i i'm certainly willing to
imagine that but she's
she's forgotten that that uh just a few
minutes ago this was a lie she made up
herself quite intentionally
do you think you're going to succeed in
misrepresenting me
as anti-abortion and anti-sex worker
so that you can lead an angry crowd of
leftists against me
every sentence of this short statement
from leanne misrepresents what i said
and what happened in this uneventful
turn of events
to an astounding extent but yeah my
actual political positions on abortion
feminism etc
are on the public record look leanne i'm
gonna ask management to step
in because i've really tried to be
reasonable and friendly with you
to resolve this tiny conflict that you
keep escalating
and this is how you continue to treat me
does it not occur to you
that if i were hypothetically
anti-abortion you'd
still need to treat me with more respect
and dignity than this
just as your neighbor sharing the same
gym with you
one of the viewers of the channel wrote
in to ask what i thought was a good
question he said
look you're making all this effort to be
reasonable with these people
do you really expect them to be
reasonable in reply
and if not you know what is there to to
win here
it's a difficult question we have to ask
ourselves but
i can't let myself have such low
expectations
of other people's personal integrity
that i start to compromise
my personal integrity just to talk to
them on their level
right like i'm gonna continue having
this discourse about doing the right
thing just because it's the right thing
to do
and if nobody else is interested in
doing the right thing
then i'm just gonna do the right thing
alone and if me doing the right thing
is misinterpreted by everyone else in
the equation and not appreciated
that's fine because my commitment is to
my personal integrity
to my morality it's not to entertaining
the crowd
so now someone called melissa writes in
i don't i don't even know who this could
possibly be
someone's staying in the same building
called melissa says you don't speak for
everyone in the building
i am at least one person with a
dissenting opinion and there were there
were a few others and people have talked
to me privately and a couple people
who've posted things
but this was obviously such a vile
conflict
that anyone else who was reasonable just
didn't want to run a foul of this you
know
mob that had been whipped up and was
chasing after me
with pitchforks at this point um if this
is about discomfort
i feel uncomfortable knowing that the
people in this building have been so
eager to make assumptions
and say hurtful things about their
neighbor here in this forum
especially when we all live in the same
building use the same facilities on a
daily basis
when we have to see each other in person
nobody has asked isil directly to leave
the group
very few people spoke to me directly
yeah it's thoroughly just like
speed this guy's a terrible person who
are you talking to him right here
look why not talk to me you think i
won't answer you think we can't talk it
out you know
nobody's asked nicely to leave the group
when i said i'd be going to
it's a facebook group i can i can
believe voluntarily guys you
intentionally missed the point of his
now deleted text post and misrepresented
what he said
to make him out to be a bad guy now
you've posted this with the intent of
turning this into a witch hunt
looks like others are jumping on the
bandwagon but i will post this to be one
dissenting voice here
meanwhile i did reach out to people
privately i did try to write to them
through facebook's own private messaging
or direct messaging system
whatever you want to call it i wrote to
leanne and said if you actually want to
talk to me about any of this stuff
just speak to me in an open-ended
constructive way
everyone else in the situation was just
escalating the conflict
i was making a positive effort to
de-escalate it
and i still am in good faith
as they say now you can read
for yourself just how vicious
malicious and vitriolic this statement
with the yellow border
is from leanne i want to point out
i did not respond in kind
this is someone who isn't this is
someone who isn't just calling me
misogynistic and cursing at me and
saying that they hate me
and saying that they all hate me it's
saying espresso that everyone in the
building or everyone in this forum
hates me right but i'm not going to sink
to her level i'm not going to respond in
kind
so i quoted this back to her in direct
message what you see with the yellow
border i quoted that back
and i said to her you know regarding
your claim that nobody has any malice
do you really think there's zero malice
in that comment that i received from you
quoted above leanne do you really think
that there's nothing for you to
apologize for here
if i had said that to you or anything
like it to you
how would you feel and yes i have
screenshots of other people
saying things that even more evidently
show malice
it's quite an appropriate word in this
situation
do unto others as you'd have them do
unto you really think about how you'd
feel if our positions were reversed
you know i can send you a whole stack of
screenshots of you saying unforgivable
things to me
and i never said anything of the kind to
you neither before nor after you
insulted me
right now for you what do you think
is the right thing to do vivian
continues the attack
he needs to be removed from this group
his previous posts and comments have
been extremely offensive and is making
everyone uncomfortable
this is not what we want in the group or
in the community now i just note
that she names the apartment building
there and i've blacked it out this is
not
the only message calling for me to
actually be
kicked out of the building for me to be
kicked out of my home lose my apartment
lose my furniture
um on the basis of uh
what what exactly what
what is it i'm accused of again why is
it nobody wants to spell out what it is
i did wrong
as though the moment somebody feels
uncomfortable they should be
excommunicated from the entire building
right
right and with no thought of the fact
that i feel uncomfortable we
feel uncomfortable you have all made me
feel uncomfortable
like if what i said in this group
justifies me being kicked out of my home
all of you should be kicked out of your
home much more you're much more guilty
of the same thing and apparently
literally said that she hates you and
everybody in the group
is uncomfortable right right i mean if
if
like again there isn't a single
screenshot here of me saying something
insulting
like i'm trying to be reasonable with
people but even if you found what i said
insulting somehow well if that's the
criterion if that's all it takes to kick
you out of your home
well then all of you should be kicked
out in the street tonight you've been
much more guilty this than i have
anyway i'm responding to her here just
saying look do you actually believe the
claim
that i'm anti-abortion do you actually
believe that i'm anti-sex worker
have you not even considered the
possibility that this is an intentional
lie
much in the same way that other members
of the group lied to blackened my
character
now conversely if it were true why
couldn't you show
some human decency here and again i'm
saying
i'm willing to listen i'm trying to
solve the problem stop attacking me
publicly
talk to me directly so we can set this
on a better footing for the future
but of course they just want to double
down and be even more hostile and still
looking towards me
first of all leanne is not a liar
no one is misrepresenting you you
literally wrote
on your own post that you think sex
workers and abortion doctors
are bad people you notice the shift you
notice how the lie
you see how it becomes unquestioned so
at an earlier stage it was just
at the very first stage was just i have
no idea what he's trying to say here
then the second stage was well he's
essentially
saying something bad right but they were
aware it was like
and now it's been forgotten that it was
a lie right they've lost track of what
the truth is
you literally said this literally oh and
you think everyone forgotten what
literally means
do you do you think i'm incapable of
getting the message now
and quoting to you literally what i
actually said like you think that's hard
for me to do
i think it's hard for me to give you a
screenshot or prove exactly what i said
and and what's going to happen next so
this is what i'm saying here i try to
take this in a positive direction
say no that is a lie both dylan and i
have a copy the original statement
before was
opposed to the group it is completely
untrue that the post said sex workers
and abortion doctors are bad people
by the way if you actually wanted to
know my opinion you could ask me
it's also on the internet no there's no
interest about my opinion no they don't
have any interest in trying to have a
conversation with you
it's so it's i can't even say it's a
witch hunt because you know what
historically which is really have
existed i mean this is you know
this is really mass hysteria on the
smallest scale
yes yeah yeah and i wonder i mean i
wonder if it's
if i got to deal with these people face
to face i wonder how violent it's going
to get
you know they say they're uncomfortable
well i'm uncomfortable going to the gym
with you vivian
i'm i'm uncomfortable having to face off
with vivian and dana and leanne
and you guys are probably going to be
holding uh holding some heavy rubberized
weights
you know you're going to be holding
heavy objects when i'm with you in the
gym
this is a really ugly conflict that they
keep
exacerbating they keep making it worse
and worse instead of you know
instead of trying to calm it down
instead of trying to come to some uh
common understanding but for my part
i keep doing the right thing uh because
it's the right thing to do all right so
it is completely untrue
that the post said sex workers abortion
dogs doctors are bad people
the moment after it was deleted people
started making up this ludicrous lie
and tell me something if i send you the
original text
showing exactly what i did say and what
i didn't say
will you be willing to apologize to me
will any of you be willing to apologize
to me for saying something
so mean-spirited so defamatory and so
untrue
by their own moral compass they must
realize
this is a really mean-spirited really
defamatory and untrue thing to say
to somebody like obviously there are
people for whom it's a very
moral big deal that they're they're
pro-abortion
and pro-sex workers so how would you
feel if i'd said this about you
and it was based on a lie which you know
i'm about to expose you know i'm going
to
just quote i'm going to give you a
screenshot of what i actually got said
so what's going to happen
what's going to happen in the next step
are you actually going to apologize are
things going to get better or is it just
going to keep getting worse
you know simultaneously with this
i'm making a positive effort for the
people who are willing to listen
hi guys nobody in this building has ever
had a conversation with me or tried to
get to know me
so i'm going to make a positive effort
introduce myself
this is just a completely friendly
introduction to the group
and about five people were capable of
responding to it positively and
recognizing
uh you know that i know of and then
these negative
messages continued from these few people
and i don't know how many people
had blocked me or whatever the term is
within facebook
had had clicked an option so they
wouldn't see what i was posting at all
after initially losing their temper in a
split second and they never saw that i
kept on making these positive efforts to
patch things up with my neighbors
so vivian carries on her crusade here
you literally said those things are
imposed
literally literally you literally said
those things your own post i don't
understand how
we are being cruel to you question mark
stop
acting you're the victim this is
ridiculous
i have the text of the post right here
vivian i am telling you as a matter of
fact that can be very easily proven with
screenshots
that what you were saying is false you
are letting short-term emotions
overwhelm you
and you are remembering something you
did not
in fact read at all i wonder if anyone
will take the lesson from this for the
rest of their lives like no i think
these people are going to go to their
graves
thinking that you were a terrible person
and that this was a horrible
inconvenience for them
oh wait no but that's oh needless to say
right but
do they look back at their lives and
realize that they've done this to other
people again
i'm not the only one how many people has
vivian done this too how many people's
alley done this to all these other
names leanne right i'm not the first
person they did this to
and if they don't stop and reflect on it
i won't be the last either
like i'm totally certain these are
people who've engaged in this kind of
mob mentality probably against their
friends and neighbors before
probably they probably against their
relatives or their cousins or something
probably it's all kinds of people i mean
it won't just be people they only know
on the internet
because they have no shame doing this to
someone where look i know where you live
you know where i live
like you're willing to take it this far
for nothing where there's nothing to
gain
against a complete stranger who never
showed you any malice
i never insulted you i never said one
thing bad to you and this is how
far you want to take it well sometimes
people do lose their temper some
a lot most people would respond to this
kind of hostility with more hostility
most people will respond to themselves
more insults so in your life vivian in
your life
leanne and so on how many times did they
take it this far in the past
if they look back how many times did
they remember someone saying something
they didn't really say
or remember someone writing something
they didn't really write you know
there's a deep lesson for you to learn
here and then looking forward what are
you going to do
you know probably these people have a
whole long history of alienating and
attacking
people who never meant them any harm you
know of exactly this behavior
and they probably they would go to their
graves if they don't stop and really
philosophize about it
they would go to their graves believing
in those memories that are in fact
completely false they're just the
product of
a short-term emotional state you know
they're fabricating things
to satisfy their own emotional needs and
i think that's a
habit many people learn in childhood and
you've got
to make the effort to get over it you
know ally
i ask again because you didn't answer my
question if you read the text of the
original post
will you be willing to admit that you
were wrong and apologize so you all know
where this is gonna go
i'm gonna cut first to my own statement
here
because i i point out she ended the
quotation mid-sentence let's hear that
quotation again
please keep in mind some of your
neighbors
some will be strippers sex workers
abortion doctors mercenaries
or will have other controversial jobs
and even if you morally disapprove of
the choices
they've made you must treat them with
more dignity and respect
than i've been shown here right so the
point is
you should treat sex workers with
dignity and respect
you should treat abortion doctors
dignity respect you should even treat
mercenaries with dignity i've known some
mercenaries
some of them are nice guys i mean it's
it's a real job it really exists people
and what does dana have to say this is
what you said before i posted that
clarification
she knows she's lying i think she knew
she was lying before but she certainly
knows that she's lying now she says this
is the last time
she's going to comment she sets it all
up she tells us all how
morally superior to me she is and then
what she has to say
is quote some of your neighbors some oh
isn't that
isn't that funny she cut off the
sentence
midway she didn't she didn't read the
whole sentence
hilariously even that half a sentence
it's impossible to interpret it the way
they're trying to interpret
it does not literally say that you think
these people are bad people not
literally
not essentially it does not say that at
all
it doesn't hint on that in any way
whatsoever and yeah dana is acting like
quitting this facebook group means she
never sees me again
see you in the garden i'll see you in
the barbecue pit i'll see you at the gym
i'll see you in the mail room like what
do you think you want to do a mic drop
and storm out
being morally superior to me what does
that moral superiority get you
you know i don't want to be morally
superior i want to solve the problem
i want to live in uh i want to live in
peace and harmony and there's not even
anything in your sentence
that compares them i know it's a list i
don't
i don't i know and the point is treat
everyone with respect and dignity even
if you disagree with them that it's not
implicit like it's not confusing right
so like
there's it's almost impossible to
disagree with unless you're of the
opinion you should
unless you're like a christian preacher
thinks you should go around telling
these people they're going to go to hell
after they die or something
you know so yes the least controversial
statement possible
results in may result me being kicked
out of the building we will see
all right and no does leanne
calm down sober up uh the next morning
does she try to patch it up and move on
does she reflect on the error of her
ways does she realize
she's been instigating and make it worse
of course not she has to double down
i would just point out she's only
getting three thumbs up at this point
she's whittled down the audience of
people who are willing to go
along with her i think even people who
aren't really paying attention
have started to get the vibe that this
is just not
reasonable leanne says i think the crazy
thing is that he's calling me a liar for
saying he was sending us unsolicited
messages
credit for the um creative spelling of
liar by the way i think that harkens
back to an old english tradition very
very poetic correct after we simply
asked a question
is there something wrong with sex
workers and people who perform abortions
nobody lied here we're just over your
negative outlook and putting people
there
yes i'm the one i'm the one putting
people down can we go back to the
comment briefly uh
the yellow border from leanne right
leanne you've never
you've never put anyone down
i think you need to take a step back and
see where we're all coming from
i'm certainly the one who's been
unwilling to listen uh to the other side
of this conversation
no leanne this is also a lie
what i said very clearly and proved with
quotations
was that your claim that i'd said
something insulting about sex workers
was a lie absolutely nobody found that
sequence of messages confusing
you've repeatedly misrepresented what i
said in order to have a pretext
to insult me further and escalate the
conflict
your statement about people who perform
abortions here
again is a lie as was already shown in a
separate threat of the discussion
the lack of good will and honesty
is astonishing
[Music]
maybe we can we can practice
yes